>> Mike North: So
we've made some changes and
we can run the report again and
take as a given that some
of these have gone away.
Now I want you to look at another
folder that was created here.
It's this temp folder.
So what we have here is this thing
that I referred to as an API report.
Here's what it looks like.
This is the API report.
This is a markdown file, if you commit
it to GitHub, it will render beautifully
on the website and it shows exactly
what is being exported from this module.
It also encodes warnings.
So there's a lot of stuff here,
this is a complicated type.
Now I want you to imagine you're
reviewing a pull request and
instead of having to piece through and
see like you've changed this type and
it is used in a function signature
that happens to be public.
But where you change
this type is like deep in
some internal code having
something that's so
clear to see that's sort of a roll up
of the exposed API surface of this
library is super useful because you can
just see it in terms of a diff here.
It becomes clear as day whether
whatever you changed in a pull request
has ripple effects that downstream users
of the library will feel in a way that
is either breaking or non breaking.
But that's a good reason to bake something
like this into your build process or
to build a bot around it so
that it comes into a pull request and
says here's the updated API report makes
it super, super clear to spot when
a given code change has ripple effects
that affect the library's outer surface.
There's another file here,
it's called Models API JSON and
this is going to lead into our
next topic where we talk about
generating API documentation
based on this.